personal-development/habits/README.md, before:

#How to build a Habit

After meeting many successful entrepreneurs, I've found a few major traits which are shared by the ones who succeed.  At their core, these successful traits boil down to a set of habits.  In the first week, we'll first be learning a model for how to create a new habit, and then we'll take a look at the first mental habit which will be vital to your success as an entrepreneur: "clearheadedness". 


## Release 0: How to build a habit

Charles Dugigg wrote an excellent book, "The Power of Habit", which explains the concept of "Keystone habits" -- i.e. a habit which spills over and has a ripple effect on other parts of your life.   

[Interview with Charles Duhigg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8XG02das-A)

BJ Fogg is a behavior science researcher at Stanford who has contributed a lot to our understanding of building habits.  

[Tiny Habits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdKUJxjn-R8)
[Fogg method](http://www.foggmethod.com/)

## Exercises

Complete the exercises in exercises.md and email the answers to utsab.k.saha@gmail.com

Commit message:

Update habits module with new resources

personal-development/habits/README.md, after:

#How to build a Habit

After meeting many successful entrepreneurs, I've found a few major traits which are shared by the ones who succeed.  At their core, these successful traits boil down to a set of habits.  In the first week, we'll first be learning a model for how to create a new habit, and then we'll take a look at the first mental habit which will be vital to your success as an entrepreneur: "clearheadedness". 


## Release 0: How to build a habit

Charles Dugigg wrote an excellent book, "The Power of Habit".  Watch this interview to get an overview of the book: 

[Interview with Charles Duhigg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voX0gUn_JOI )


## Release 1: Fogg Method

BJ Fogg is a behavior science researcher at Stanford who has contributed a lot to our understanding of building habits.  Watch/Read the following resources to understand the Fogg Method.  We'll be using this method extensively to build new habits: 

[Tiny Habits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdKUJxjn-R8)
[Fogg method](http://www.foggmethod.com/)

## Exercises

Complete the exercises in exercises.md and email the answers to utsab.k.saha@gmail.com
